Capability Product Review Meeting 2 - August 24
VIEW RECORDING - 71 mins (No highlights): 

---


  I was also going to say that I know Balaji will have to drop off and then we also.

11:35 - Balaji Rajan
  I'll tell you what, what I did.
  SCREEN SHARING: Balaji started screen sharing - WATCH: https://fathom.video/calls/793542727?timestamp=697.429138

11:36 - Ashutosh Tiwari (cosmostrategy)
  Balaji has now become a rare resource. Let me know once you are able to see my screen. Yeah, we can see your screen.  Okay. So what I did was I started to create, this is like on GitHub.

11:48 - Balaji Rajan
  So I started to create the pieces of, you know, what we are, I've not started to build yet. So essentially it's a strategy capability framework.  I'll tell you largely what this framework is, right? So the work that we do. For others, we will create a knowledge base of that work.  So, for example, if there is a framework, then that framework goes into the AI knowledge framework. The AI remembers that framework.  When we start a project, let us say we are starting a project with Dr. Redis, let us say. So, initially, you will have a lot of discussions.  You will have a lot of artifacts that they will give. They will tell you their processes. All of those documents, there has to be a way for us to, and Dr.  Redis is different from, let us say, Britannia. So, there has to be strict walls between the work that we do.  So, there will be a way in which all these documents, all your interactions, you will be able to upload.  And they will be indexed by the project. So, for example, in Dr. Redis, you might be doing three projects.  These three projects will be separate. So, per project, you will be able to upload the documents. Once you are able to upload the documents, then you start off with, you know, those critical reasonings, right?  So, for example. For the problem statement is, traditionally, strategic capability building has three recurring failure modes. One is training doesn't stick.  Second is there is a stature asymmetry, which kills the engagement. And when I say that, for example, treating senior people like a trainee doesn't work out.  The stature asymmetry kicks in. And that also creates a barrier of information exchange. And then the third is compliance beats thinking.  The stage gating that happens with the templates and rubrics. The rubrics introduce their own rigidity. And that rigidity impacts ideas as well as the options.  So what we are going to do is, it is like a loop that we are creating. This will be a guided self-evaluation.  So for example, a CMO writes an answer. And their answer is, let us say, restless arousing strategic questions for their case or project.  Like, right, this black like, don't The actually takes in and matches it against its knowledge basis and sends the question and user answers to that context.  Forget the technology. Technology is not important. The answer to that will be like, no, the response will be benchmarked against three.  This is where our framework kicks in. There will be a level one, which is fact-based, level two, which will be a need-based, and level three, which will be an insight-based.  The user starts to review this answer side-by-side against these benchmarks. There is no external grading. We are not grading anything.  We are just taking those responses back. Once the process is complete, all of this is then put into the framework that we have, our IP.  How does the knowledge base gets this AI context? The knowledge base actually gets this AI context basis, the documents that, and this is where our knowledge base will need to share.  Saying this is cosmostrategy's knowledge framework, this is our product. This product, if you look at the first iteration, this product is not imposing itself.  No, it is completely out of the picture. It's only after we have gathered all the interactions around, does it start to categorize it into, how does it fall into the framework that we have built?  And it runs offline by design. Nothing is happening while the interactions are on or your workshops are on. And there is also this, the entire thing is an evolutionary thing because you have learned something from this engagement.  This goes back into strengthening our framework. So that is how I am thinking at this point of time, which is why I wanted this meeting and I've switched on the transcription.  So essentially Shiv and Ashutosh, you tell me what your vision is. I will cull out, you know, from this, you know, how do you want to...  Make technology work to, you know, to shape your vision. Okay. So I'm going to, you know, I'm going to stop sharing.  I'm going to want you both to talk so that I can call out the information and start building something.  Is it fair?

16:17 - Shiv Subramaniam
  Yeah.

16:22 - Ashutosh Tiwari (cosmostrategy)
  That's fair. I think the, my perspective would be, see, again, there were four or five levels on which we were talking about last time, right?  The first was capability building. Second was management process building, right? Third was organization transparency building. Fourth was performance and potential evaluation.  And fifth was DIY consulting, right? These were the five kind of levels at which we were talking about, right?

16:57 - Balaji Rajan
  Now they are all, they are all sitting.

17:00 - Ashutosh Tiwari (cosmostrategy)
  on the same core, for sure, right? However, the user experience of the five, who is the user, first of all, the definition of the user and the user experience for all those five will be dramatically different, according to me, right?  Which is actually a great thing in it for a business idea, because if the same corpus can lead to four or five different business ideas, then actually, it has far many more legs to travel on without additional effort or that much of additional effort.  Right. So I will first get into the lower most, which is capability side. Right. But I'm just trying to give a conceptual framework so that we can situate it appropriately.  In that sense, the system for a minute, okay, system should not be even the talking point of it, you know, that I will, I will come back to the system point.  Yeah, I'm not coming to the system point. Sorry, you were saying something.

17:55 - Shiv Subramaniam
  No, Okay.

17:57 - Ashutosh Tiwari (cosmostrategy)
  So I think the, so let's say from I'm a capability building perspective. Now, capability building perspective, the workflow, let's say I'm a user, right?  So I think it's good to situate it in a very clear empathy scenario. I'm a new category head, okay?  I'm not saying CMO, but I'm also not saying brand manager because category head is somewhere in between, right? In that sense.  So I'm a new category head who has joined the company, yeah? So the company wants me to be really cutting edge in terms of capability.  Obviously, I have the raw material. That is why I'm here, right? I have knowledge. I'm not a complete newbie.  That's why I'm here. And I have been asked by the company to familiarize myself with the entire, the way, let us say, inciting is done in the company, right?  And bring myself up to speed on capability as well as processes, right? No problem that I'm trying to solve, right?  This, which is a normal capability scenario, right? This is familiarization and challenging myself to see if there are any gaps in my depth and understanding, right?  Kind of a thing. So I am sent a link and a login and a password, which I have to log in and just go through it, right?  Now, I'm also told that this is like a course, which is an X number of hours course. So let us say I'm told that inciting is a six-hours desk job plus whatever else hours that might be required for any offline project work, right?  So I come onto the site, right, for the moment. Now, as a workflow, the first thing that happens is my definitions get reset.  So the system asks me what do you think an insight is? The system asks me what is the definition of a brand?  What is the difference between something that is innovation and incremental? What is the real definition of a strategy? So getting the basics sorted because in management a lot of people propagate this jargon becomes jargon because jargon is not well understood, right?  It becomes a placeholder for lack of thought, right? There is no point in individual interpretations.

20:36 - Shiv Subramaniam
  Exactly, right?

20:37 - Ashutosh Tiwari (cosmostrategy)
  So first is set the baseline of certain key concepts at two. What does the user mean by those concepts versus what is the right definition of those concepts, right?  So that there's a complete clarity and alignment on that with a few exercises. And the first port of call should always be the system asking the user, not the user, not the.  System providing the answer. So that the gap can be bridged. Right. Well, language can differ. Choice of words can differ.  The essence matters. Yeah. Yeah. Sorry, Shiv. Go ahead.

21:09 - Shiv Subramaniam
  No, I just wanted to add a dimension to that, which is really that it's not a debate between the system and the individual about whose definition is correct.  It's not an argument about that. To me, it's actually about whatever it is. Let's say it is this organization.  It is the Britannia way. So in Britannia, when we say insight, this is what we need. This is how we define it.  So we are not arguing about your understanding of insight per se. Right. Which may all be true. But in Britannia, this is how it is defined.  And this is how it is deployed. So that bit is useful to bring up front so that there is no wastage of time in terms of saying that this is an argument.  But it is really through this. Let us say, suppose my definition as a user is that. But it is very close to the Britannia definition.  Great. Then literally, I get a score of saying, on the Britannia way, your understanding is already leagues ahead. It's not about just, do you understand insight or not?  And there's no argument on the definition of insight. And therefore, really, everything that we are looking at in terms of familiarization is actually one step closer to deployment as quickly as possible, so that you understand the Britannia way, and you're able to act on it almost instantly.

22:31 - Ashutosh Tiwari (cosmostrategy)
  Yeah, Shiv, I'll just add one nuance to it. I think I agree with you that that is how it should be portrayed, although the intent is not that.  I'll tell you why. Because the intent is 99% of the people who talk about insight don't even understand what insight is in reality.  Right? But telling them that can switch them off. So basically, telling them that this organization's way of assigning insight makes the acceptance more, less painful, less defensive.  So to say... say... So you set that up. Then you start getting into, so these are the questions in inciting that need to be answered.  So now, first of all, at any given point of time, and this is all that happens in a workshop beyond the deck, right?  In that sense, because you call in people. So if this is the question, is this question easy to answer?  Is this question difficult to answer for you? Is this question, because that is the whole purpose of the design of the question.  Design of the question is already baked in, right? But before we go further, each question, the person should be able to resonate with the depth and the essence of that question, while finding it difficult to answer in that sense.  It should be restlessness arousing, not difficult to answer because they don't have the answer. Maybe for some bright people, they will be very easy to answer, but they provoke thought.  To what extent do they provoke? Or you can give a cookie cutter kind of an answer to that question, right?  In that sense. And maybe at this stage, some level of flexibility the system has for users who don't find the question to be particularly thought-provoking or restlessness arousing, some level of evolution can be built in out here itself.  However, that evolution should have some guardrails. So suppose I say, no, no, no, this is like a, I asked this question and my team also asked this question hundreds of times, right?  What is the big deal in this question? Immediately the system asks, okay, let's take a situation in your company for your brand.  If this is the question I'm asking you, what would be the answer? If the answer is coming out to be really, you know, thought-provoking and intelligent, et cetera, et cetera, then the question needs to evolve to become, to arouse even more restlessness.  on the other end So is coming out to be very generic, then the system pushes back that, no, if the question, you could get away with an answer to the question which was generic, right, in your mind, then the question is still apt, right?  So some level of evolution can potentially be built in. I'm not saying definitely can potentially be built in, right?  Because an appreciation for the question is crucial at this stage, right? Then, yeah, sorry, Ashut, go ahead.

25:21 - Shiv Subramaniam
  Just, again, adding to what you're saying, I'd still say one more aspect of, see, I think this aspect of differentiation should be built in from the get-go, so that it is not a generic, it doesn't create an opportunity for a generic or an intellectualized response, right?  So I think one of the ways in which we could also build the system is to really focus on inviting answers in a way that is actionable and not just about saying something that is, you know, that sounds great, but must, okay, it doesn't address the crucial question of, so how will you deploy it?  How will you action? So you can give it, this may be a better input for writing a book, but it may not be a good input for actually converting something into action.  So if that becomes part of the system, and the system throws back to say, yeah, tell me how you will convert this into an action on the ground, then I'm not debating your answer.  But I'm just saying, start to now put it to the next stage, which is, can you actually convert it into something specific that everybody can follow?

26:31 - Ashutosh Tiwari (cosmostrategy)
  So Shiv, I'm absolutely right. I'm just trying to follow the same flow to kind of get to the same thing.  So just taking on what Shiv's point is, after this questions, a sense of the questions is there, I think in the, which is not what we do in the workshop, which we do in the workshop after a few questions, but I think here it is good to do it right away.  And also in difference to Shiv's question, we straight away give two case, one case study to the client, to the user.  That in this module, this is going to be the case study that we are going to solve. A. So we always in workshop, we take two case studies.  One case study that we give, which is off category, away from the business. So there is no intimacy. You only go by whatever data is given to you.  And you can assume whatever else you want to. It doesn't matter. Data doesn't matter. Second is, you supply your own case study from your real business.  In a page, you write out whatever you want to. It doesn't matter. can write out just five lines. Or you can write out 500 lines.  It doesn't really matter. Whatever you want to write out. So those are the two case studies that we would run through the thing.  That is what Shiv will make it actionable.

27:47 - Shiv Subramaniam
  Because whatever you learn, you are able to apply it onto one hypothetical case study and one real case study in your life.

27:55 - Ashutosh Tiwari (cosmostrategy)
  To kind of keep it actionable, so to say. In that sense. That becomes the next port of call. Sorry, Balaji, I'm going into the workflow because that's probably the best way to bring it alive, the expectation alive.

28:09 - Balaji Rajan
  Absolutely. See, this is good because at least you have a vision of what you want and capturing that.

28:16 - Ashutosh Tiwari (cosmostrategy)
  Then what happens is, then you go to first question. This is the question that needs to be answered. We are not getting into case studies right now.  Now, in this question, nuance about that question, theory about that question is served in a simple manner. Then examples of brands or businesses around the globe which seem to have answered this question well are given.  Right. So one example, two examples. We don't know whether they answered this question, but it does seem from outside that or from published case studies or from material that one has seen that they see.  And ideally, we should limit our examples to what can be deduced from externally available customer facing stimuli, not what we know from Harvard case studies, right?  In that sense. some P&G has advertised that did this corporate campaign about mothers, working on an insight that mothers not being celebrated enough, for example, right?  So we can deduce the power of insight from the communication itself. We don't need to read a case study about P&G's internals.  P&G's internals can only tell us about how did they arrive at it. They do not prove whether they arrived at it or not, right?  So ideally, the examples should limit themselves to examples where things can be deduced from outside rather than from inside, right?  That's, I think, one. Then a few exercises. And ideally, what we try to do in each section, two exercises.  One serious exercise and one a little bit of a fun exercise. Why fun exercise? Serious exercise is easy to understand.  So we give four or five brands and we ask them to say brands or businesses or whatever is the context, depending upon that.  Why fun exercise? Other than breaking the seriousness, I think the fun exercises are designed in very simple terms to demystify the topic.  So, for example, if I'm talking about strategy, if I ask a question that what is the strategy, was the choice that Balaji made to attend this phone call versus do some other work, strategic or tactical?  Now, in a way, it's a fun exercise, right? But it's also driving home the point that you are exercising a strategic choice every moment of the day when you choose to act on X and not choose to act on Y.  This strategy is not some esoteric. Extract 30,000 feet up in the air concept, right? For example.

31:06 - Shiv Subramaniam
  That's a key because, you know, otherwise what happens to most professionals even today refer to management textbooks, right? So they will borrow a model from there.  They will take something from there and force fit all of their answers, even though there is no relevance or there is no real like to like in application.  So the idea of this platform being application first and through that application, understanding the theory that is relevant for this organization is really the loop.

31:39 - Ashutosh Tiwari (cosmostrategy)
  Yeah. So what happens out there is that similarly, if I say, okay, we're talking about branding. So define Shiv as a brand.  Now it's a fun exercise, but what happens in that fun exercise? Implicitly you start realizing that anybody who's distinctive and relevant to his or her ecosystem.  Fathom is a brand, right? As compared to somebody who's a commodity. So there's a fun exercise and there's a serious exercise, obviously more corporate exercise, right?  Okay, you're given a few things and you are supposed to kind of dissect that, right? In that sense. So in everything, there's that exercise.  Then once you have gone through that, then we go to the next question, then we go to the next question.  Let us say we complete six questions in a section. Now you are asked to solve the case study, okay?  Now here's the problem. Let's go back to the exercise first. There was an exercise administered and I gave an answer, right?  Again, the answer, the key thing will always be, yeah, maybe in some exercises, there's a right and wrong answer, which is sure.  But in some exercises, there wouldn't be a right or wrong answer. There's always a reasoned answer, right? to argue, agree or disagree.  So in exercises, I think the onus is not on having a right answer. The onus is let the user say whatever answer they want to give.  Let the user give their rationale. Let the system give their answer and their rationale and let the user choose to ignore, agree, disagree or move ahead.  We are not forcing a user to agree. We are providing this as a moment of reflection, so to say.  Because of AI, maybe, maybe, earlier we could not do, but because of AI, maybe if the answer of the user is divergent from the answer that we have coded in or the system is given, but the user wants to argue that out, right, that I don't agree, frankly, because this is the dimension that you may not be considering because that is what I considered when I gave the answer, right, there can be a little bit of a back and forth.  Write a limited back and forth on that, in that sense. But the idea is not to litigate or to prove either way.  The idea is for the user to understand the concept. Then we move on to, after the 5 or 6 questions or whatever are there in that section, typically 3 to 5 or 6 are done, then you are asking the user to now solve for the case study.  First the external case study and then the internal case study. Now the point is, when they solve, again, it goes back to what you wrote in your message that you were broadcasting or screen sharing earlier, that once there is some kind of answer from them, right, in that sense, obviously the case study is always inviting a discussion.  That is why you solve a case study. You don't solve a case study because you want an answer as to what was the right answer.  Case studies by very definition are some. So to trigger a discussion rather than just an answer. So obviously you solve your case study, you provide your answer.  Now what happens is the system provides a case study resolution. What we will also try and do is every case study will be backed by a hidden text on what did that organization actually do and what it should have done, our point of view.  Right. So then we say that this is what you feel you should have done. Your answer is what the company should have done or should do.  This is what they actually did. And this is what according to these principles they should have done. Now there will definitely be a divergence kind of a thing.  Right. And this is where now AI comes. I was not getting into technology, but this is only possible through AI, where there is a little bit of a back and forth on this, right, at the end of the day, that why does, and that can be limited to a certain number of interactions or tokens or whatever else, but there has to be some level of thing provided for a back and forth on the case studies, per se.  Anyway, the user is likely to become even more, you know, for want of a better word, defensive, when it comes to internal case studies, or could become, I'm not too likely to become.  We had this fear even when we were doing offline workshops, but it didn't happen. But maybe that was because of the moderator and the stature of the moderators and stuff like that, right, or the trainer.  Maybe here it can happen because rubbishing what a machine says versus what I'm saying can be very, very, you know.  It can be very, very different in that sense. So I think that is the part that without actually saying that what the user is saying is wrong, we have to take a point of insufficiency rather than right or wrong.  Yeah, in that sense, kind of a thing in that sense. Now, there can be, for this user, a recourse to discussing this case study with a live person.  Unlikely that they would resolve to that recourse early enough, but after they have gone to three or four sections and the shape of what they are creating differs significantly from the shape of the resolution that the machine seems to be giving, right?  They may want a discussion by exception in that. I don't know whether that will be needed. I don't know.  Because this is pioneering territory. We have never done this. I don't think anybody has done this in that regard.  We will only know this only when rubber hits the road. But providing for a facility for that would always be sensible, right?  In that sense. That can be at an extra cost. That can be at an extra effort or whatever else it might be.  But you can schedule a discussion, a 20-minute discussion, right? Which is not very different from a helpline discussion with a bot.  That if the bot faces an inquiry which is very, very complex, then the bot starts passing the inquiry on to a technical expert a lot of times in a lot of help sites, right?  So it's kind of similar to that. But it has to be by exception, yeah? In that sense. So then you solve for a case study.  You get a report card. Again, the sense of a report card is not to say whether you are right or wrong.  It's almost like, look at. It has a qualitative report card, which is a bit like the medical diagnostic thing.  It doesn't say what is right or wrong, but these were the parameters. And on these parameters, this was the range and this is where your answers fell.  And we are not commenting on language. We are not commenting on articulation or the usage of keywords. That is the biggest challenge that's going to be there because most of this often relies on keywords.  And keywords are a dead stupidity, frankly, in management, right? You can say the same thing without usage of any keyword, right?  So the essence of what is being said kind of a thing is kind of valid. What can be there with A.I.  Balaji, because I've done that a few times, somebody gives in a very sophisticated response, but in very simple language, minus all the keywords, minus...  Any framework minus any jargon. The system should map it back and give a mapped solution to that, that according to the principles and the concepts that we discussed, I have mapped it to that and this is what you have said.  So that the user also sees that what he or she is saying versus what is the optimal way of going about it, there isn't that big a daylight of a difference between that.  Just because the words used are different and all right in that sense. Otherwise, the user can start switching off at this stage.  Oh, my God, what I'm saying it is saying is right. But what I said has got none of the jargon that the system said in that sense.  So how is it right? So that creates a different kind of a dissonance if the system does not map it back in that sense.  Yeah. Now, now we come to user's own self-evaluation because evaluation has to be there. Right? But evaluation cannot be the system evaluating the answer.  The evaluation has to come from the user himself or herself. Right? In that sense. So actually, scratch what I said earlier on report card.  The report card has to be generated by the user, not by the system. So what happens out there is that the user says that, okay, on depth, on adherence to frameworks, on this, on that, this is where I would rate myself.  Kind of a thing. Yeah. Now, if the somebody who has given very stupid resolutions and answers and has not really understood the concept, but is also rating themselves still as very high, which is very common sometimes in, you know, in a group setting, they don't do that.  Because there is peer pressure. Yeah? In that sense. Now, once the user gives some kind of a self-evaluation, the system should not give a self-evaluation.  The system should say that against all the data. Database of answers that it has in its system, right? This is where this answer falls.  So if you have rated yourself four on five, but on depth of answers, of all the answers in the database, you are falling on two out of five.  We just say that you are falling on two out of five and this is something that you might want to further solve a few examples to get a better hang off.  Yeah. So not litigating, not adversarial, nothing, no evaluation. It's very constructive, but it is consciously guiding you, right? In that sense.  And then it goes on to the next module, then the next module kind of a thing. Now I step back.  If this is the flow and I try to answer your question for the capability building part, what is the expectation?  The expectation is to force the user into self-reflection, not prescribe anything other than the questions. Right. That self-reflection and expose the user to cutting-edge concepts.  Yeah. And then allow the user to self-reflect basis and evaluation of their own exercise. Thus, aiding learning. Yeah. Now there will be a high, massive high.  Right. The high will largely come from resolution of the internal case study. Yeah. Now, because you are actually solving for a business's real problem.  Well, most professionals would love to give, because somewhere by proxy, this is becoming a little bit of consulting. Right.  In that sense. Although we have not yet elevated it to that level. Yeah. So there can be a feature out there.  Share your views on the internal case study at any point of time with anybody else inside the organization that you may want.

44:10 - Shiv Subramaniam
  Again, Ash, one of the things also I think we need to bake in is what is the role of the system in that professional's life, I think has to be very clearly established.  And like you said, for instance, not evaluative is a good dimension to have. But I think also most important is that if I am the user and I am answering it, while it doesn't tell me, while it doesn't evaluate or judge my answer, it also talks about the extent of deviation from the organization's way of answering this to my way of answering this.  So literally, we are saying that while this may be a great answer, this is not really relevant in the organization's context because the organization deals with this issue in this manner.  Because one of the things that... happens even in a peer-to-peer, in-person discussion between two human beings is that over a period of time, the brain's ability to handle the degree of complexity required with consistency is actually diminishing all the time.  So at some point, you agree and you say, yeah, okay, let's do it this way. But the system can actually be very ruthless and relentless about it to say, yeah, but you may choose to do it this way.  But remember saying that this is the extent of deviation that you are actually embarking upon and therefore forces you to keep your eyes open all the time.  That is the job of the system. Yeah, I think you're constantly then saying that, okay, this is the way you're deviating from the way.  Are you doing it consciously or are you doing it simply because you needed to be reminded that this is the way?  Yeah, no, I think that's a fair point.

45:53 - Ashutosh Tiwari (cosmostrategy)
  The good thing out here is that because in our, just building on what Shiv was saying, Balaji, because in our.  Method of working, only the questions are prescriptive. None of the tools, none of the techniques are prescriptive, right, in that sense.  So what happens is that deviation is from what? There is no prescribed lane from which you are deviating. So your deviation is being measured on have you gone deep enough?  So for example, an insight. Have you chickened out by just talking about behavioral insight without actually getting deeper into the emotive, experiential, social, cultural dimensions?  For example. Now the point is, and now I think that's a very good point Shiv that you raised. Let's take this real example because examples make it far real.  Suppose I am the user and I am doing this inciting exercise and one of the tools was our insight spiral where you were supposed to go up to the cultural level.  But we have not populated the master questions with that because we don't want to make... It's set of hundred questions which intimidates.  So the entire inciting is only six or seven questions, right? So now the sixth question which pertains to that, the guy has given, or the girl has given his or her insight, and at the end of the day, that insight is, let's say it is still an insight.  It's a good insight, but it's a behavioral insight, right? Now what happens? Now what Shiv is saying, essentially, is that the system should push back and say that, okay, according to this tool, or according to that tool, whichever tools that have been provided, these are the levels that you may have not thought through deeply enough.  Or you may not have other side of the manifestation. How do you know this insight is real? Data doesn't prove that insight is real.  Do you have a manifestation of the insight? Right? Kind of a thing.

47:52 - Shiv Subramaniam
  Second is, I'm saying that if you say, for instance, you've got the behavioral insight bang off, let us say, I'm saying, but...  Can you also describe the cultural context in which that behavioral insight actually is most relevant so that all the frameworks that have actually been embedded, right, which becomes the organization's way, are actually addressed automatically so that, you know, even when you're going for a review with another person, you're saying, bus, this is fully aligned with the Britannia way.  This is fully aligned with the ABG way. That kind of thing starts to, so the role of the system really becomes almost like a soul keeper or a conscience keeper of the organization's way of doing things.  So that's what it keeps reminding you on. It doesn't do the thinking for you. It actually keeps nudging you in the right direction to say, make it comprehensive, make it complete, so that, you know, when you walk into a review with a, with a senior, you actually have all of the aspects covered.  The senior also then becomes It's easy for the senior or whoever else it is to, or the peer team, to actually review using exactly the same framework.  So cultural context or behavioral, you know, any of those things start to be, then those are the questions that you ask.  That becomes then the consistently practicing this then becomes second nature to the human beings who are involved.

49:22 - Ashutosh Tiwari (cosmostrategy)
  Yeah. So I think this to a great extent lays out the expectation, lays out the user interface.

49:30 - Balaji Rajan
  At the base, this was capability building. What I need is, before we move further, Before you start an engagement, what are the things that you need even before the first workshop happens?  So can you lay out what you want from the organization when you're starting? You know, obviously these, the cultural aspects of way of working of an organization, etc.  They don't come out of thin air. So they will come from the same organization, right? So what, what are the...  What basic documents that, you know, even before the project can kickstart?

50:04 - Ashutosh Tiwari (cosmostrategy)
  Okay, so I'll just go by experience, right, thus far. Whether that experience is comprehensive enough or has not accounted for is a different matter.  Okay, so the biggest thing before we do a workshop is question design, correct? Now, the thing that is most crucial for us is the industry that they are operating in, right?  This is which we look at the questions and have a look at whether the basic flow of the questions and the language of the questions needs to change, right?  There, as I was telling you in the last meeting, we have seen a significant and a clear divide in our working in some modules between B2B and B2C, right?  But... Only in some modules. We have only seen that in sales and business development. We have not seen that divergence at all in brand, in innovation.  But we have seen that communication, again, we have not seen that divergence because if a B2B chooses to communicate, it follows the same principles, right, in that sense.  So, but we do that kind of a, you know, a little bit of a check before we get into it.  That's number one. Number two, what we do is, we do ask the organization for this case study that we ask for from the user, okay.  Because when you are doing a workshop, you cannot leave it to 30 users to tell their own case study, right, in that sense of 20 users.  And a lot of our workshops have even been multi-company, right. So, which companies, volunteers should take which living, burning issue to solve?  And it should not be... Hypothetical case study. It should not be a case study that has already been solved to pressure test the system.  It has to be something that the organization is grappling with right now, right? So those are the only two things that till now one has ever looked at in that sense.

52:17 - Balaji Rajan
  You will also research the company, If it is Britannia, then you will go, you will collect all the information about Britannia.  No? Okay. Nothing. Zero.

52:27 - Ashutosh Tiwari (cosmostrategy)
  The idea is to... See, here is the premise that we have always worked upon and has worked very well.  All the information that is relevant should always be salient in the people's minds. And our system and our method of working should allow that salience to shine through.  Otherwise, there is no limit to data, there is no limit to context, and then there is no limit to very specific company level data.  Because what exactly would change as a consequence of the question? The not changing, the tools are not changing, and the examples are not.  Yeah, the only thing that also, that's a good point, sorry, one thing, not the, not the Britannia, not the specific company, but the sectoral choice to some extent can dictate some of the examples chosen, right?  Because if it is a B2C, then you may skew the examples a lot more towards consumer facing examples. If it is B2B, then you may skew it a little bit more towards the B2B examples.  But again, it has been more B2C, B2B, we have never tried to give a category flavor to even the example that we are talking about nutrition.  So let a lot of examples be from nutrition, right? But yeah, there will be a disaster check that if the nutrition is the, nutraceuticals is the category that we are right now training, at least one example on each section should come from nutraceuticals, right?  So that is a bit of a disaster check that we do. So in summary, the sector, so in summary, B2C versus B2B can...  You some of the questions to check on that. Second is the specific sector should be represented at least to the extent of 10 to 15% in the examples, but not more.  Otherwise it becomes too close to home. Third, in the workshops, not in the product, because here in the product, we are asking the user to supply the case study.  But in the workshops, we ask the corporate to supply the case study, internal case study to solve, right? What are the big problems that we are going to solve in that sense?  So that's the third part. But other than that, we don't research the company. We don't get deeper into it at all.  We allow it to emerge organically. And that keeps it honest. Otherwise, it starts looking like we are trying to, we have armed ourselves with a lot of knowledge.  We have preconceived notions and we are trying to, as consultants, trying to throttle our notion through capability building. But there is an interesting point out there.  And this goes back to something that Shiv. I alluding to also. See, what happens is, and I'm just thinking about the real experience of a workshop.  You divide the room into groups. You are asking each group to solve a case study and present. But here is the problem in that.  That happens, but it is, I'll tell you what the problem is, I'll tell you how we solve it. I don't know how will we solve it here.  There what happens is, the four groups are thinking about it, and they are not actually thinking deep enough. Yeah.  They are not able to come through great solutions. So what happens is, somebody like myself or Shiv or others will embed ourselves in those groups, so we push the thinking from inside the group.  Right. Now, some of us, in order to push that thinking inside the group, might need background material on the company.  I have not needed it, but some people are far more preparation. Some people are far more spontaneity oriented. That's just a style difference, right?  So some level of research, some level of that helps you to contribute and push the envelope from inside the group exercises in a workshop, yeah?  Now here, if this is the case study and these are the six questions that need to be resolved, then, you know, what can be the really breathtaking ideas or breathtaking perspectives to seed into the user's mind such that the user seems like coming out with it rather than we seem to be coming out with it is the single biggest load bearing factor on the success of the workshop.  Because the four groups come up with pedestrian output and you tell them that this is pedestrian output, but that's not going to improve things, nah?  And you don't want to be an evaluator sitting in there. So the only way that you can do it is to push the thinking from inside, which means that when this system has to interact with the user, for all the questions pertaining to the case studies, especially their internal case study, especially if that internal case study can be pre-supplied, right?  There can be a battery of four or five big thoughts. It doesn't take us too long to generate that.  Whether the AI generates it or we generate it, that can be put in the kitty and that can be used as trigger points to trigger deeper thinking on the case studies.  Because if that doesn't happen, the learning won't happen.

57:44 - Shiv Subramaniam
  Two more points, Ash. One is, I'm thinking, saying, look, this is for the first time we actually have the advantage of a system being able to throw up a lot of questions.  Questions that actually a human being would have actually asked, which is really saying, have you thought of this? Have you thought of that?  Have you thought of this? Because, and then it's actually two unpredictable, so far, historically, it's been two unpredictable beings who also depend a lot on their own memory, their own discipline and stuff like that to actually be the sounding board and ask those questions.  So if I don't ask the question, then that, you know, the person who is actually asking me the, who's coming to me for advice or guidance or solution has actually missed out on one factor, which is the biggest thing that a machine or a system can actually do, which is that it's relentless about these kinds of questions and making sure saying that all the dimensions get addressed all the time.  So, one of the ways in which to also make the system more comprehensive is also a lot of the decisions about, let us say, a sales problem or a marketing problem also then needs to be overlaid with how the organization...  The actually addresses those problems from a values perspective or a code of conduct perspective. Now, suppose HR practices are also uploaded in the system.  All of that is made available. It is that the system can then throw out a few of these dimensions and say, yeah, this seems to be a great idea.  But also think about the fact that this organization does not give rebate like this or beyond a particular point or does not actually engage in giving gifts to suppliers or to vendors.  So those aspects and dimensions also, how do they actually start to come and play? Isn't there a role for those factors also to be included as part of the system so that at just the right time, those things are actually flashed and brought to the surface?  So that, you know, when decisions are being made, otherwise, eventually, many of the practices that actually happen actually go down one path on one dimension.  You know, sort of you're herring down that path. And much later, either you're doing a postmortem saying, how did we get that so wrong?  Or, you know, it is coming far too late in that thinking process, where some of the other factors which were not directly connected to a sales or a marketing or a logistics or a distinct problem, had actually an organizational dimension that got missed out.

1:00:24 - Aseem Chhiber
  That's a good point, Shiv. But my only thing is that right now, are we talking specifically about the insights POC?  So I think let's like, you know, kind of, because I don't want Balaji to kind of like, you know, because I want him to just think about insights and, and then basically like, you know, so what are those, let's say like, you know, if whatever people are putting together, and the system has to then kind of do some side of some kind of post correction.  So then, what is that kind of checklist that the system has to run against, right? And so, so The thing is that if we were to just kind of right now focus on that, so I'm just thinking more from the point of view of just simplifying it for Balaji, because to get this POC correct, and as we go on to, let's say, like, you know, other, the thing, like, you know, modules later on, so that's, so, so I think, yes, at that point in we should definitely, like, you know, bring in that, what are those organizational practices.  And, and so the thing is that, let's say, a particular kind of discounting or whatever, so whether it falls in the ambit or whether it doesn't, just as a, the same.

1:01:36 - Shiv Subramaniam
  I think, again, just to answer that specific question, Aseem, I think it's also important for, because when we started, before you joined, Balaji's question was really about saying, there was a much more macro question built into his, into his inquiry, which is really about saying, what should the system be able to do?  So this was really about, what is the role of the system? And eventually, of course, it will boil down.  multiple modules and stuff like that. So this particular point may not be valid for insights module, or it could be, I don't know.  But this was more to also establish, because establish the role of the overall platform. Many times what happens is we take up these points on the capability product, we take it up today, and then after that, we don't revisit for the next three months.  So again, it's a kind of a restart to say, where is it actually coming from? What is the purpose of this?  And I think it's important for Balaji to understand that also before it starts getting into execution. So I just wanted to highlight that.

1:02:37 - Aseem Chhiber
  I think Shiv, I will possibly build up on that.

1:02:41 - Ashutosh Tiwari (cosmostrategy)
  And I'm just taking it into inciting module. Aseem, see, the point is that we are doing an insights module as a POC for the larger module, right?  So certain features which may or may not be relevant for insights module still need to appear further, because it will be a showcase, right, of capabilities in that sense.  So that's, I think, one, but having said that, I think what Shiv was pointing out will be as relevant even within the insights module.  So let me explain why. Let's think of Mahindra, which didn't used to do any depth qualitative insights work. Or let's think of Dr.  Riddies, which considers segmentation to be the foundation head of inciting. That insights reside within segments rather than insights segmenting the market.  I'm just taking two very sophisticated perspectives. Correct me, Shiv, if my understanding is wrong. What Shiv is saying is that as a consequence of going through this module, this mapping onto what my organization does versus what this organization should have been doing, that gap should become very salient and the person should start feeling restless about it.  Am I right, Shiv? That's essentially what you're saying. So I'm just mapping onto these two kind of, you know, and there will be multiple.  Such scenarios that would happen, right? In that sense. Just an additional point to that, Ash.

1:04:06 - Shiv Subramaniam
  I'm saying if an organization is not so particular about so many different dimensions and they are perfectly happy to go with three or four dimensions that they consider very sacrosanct and important to them, the system is not built to argue against why it is not comprehensive enough.  Is it doing a good job of making sure saying that this organization, what are the factors and dimensions most critical for it, are constantly in the know and constantly being brought up to the people who are working in that organization when they interact, when they come up with ideas for anything that they want to do?

1:04:43 - Ashutosh Tiwari (cosmostrategy)
  Sure. So I think the point here is like this. So my answer to your question is a little different.  My answer to your question is that this case study. Internal case study will probably shine the spotlight on it because the moment you  Go through that internal case study, you will, although we have not asked you to make that difference salient, but the way that you actually, the entire deck and the entire piece that you are solving for versus the way you Hidalto used to do inciting, right, kind of a thing, will become salient in your mind.  I think the larger point, what you are trying to say out there most, not you are trying to say, but I think that what it points towards is that should we make that gap salient or should that gap remain implied in the mind of the user, right, kind of a thing.  I think what might be very useful from a user experience to do, I am just taking the cue from there, not for every question, not for every tool, right, but after the completion of an entire module, let us say inciting is a complete module, then you are saying that, okay, for inciting now, what are the things that I am going to start, stop or continue doing?  In pertaining to inciting in my organization, right? That can be something that can be very useful, that can make it very action-oriented, etc., etc.  Because the idea was not to solve the case study. The case study was just a metaphor for a deeper shift that you need to do in the way you do things, right?  So what are the things that you will continue doing because you have measured the gap is very low? What are the things that you would stop doing because they didn't make any sense?  What you were doing, confusing observations for insights and confusing complicated Excel sheets for insights? And what you would start doing, right?  Kind of a thing. That could be an interesting place to end the section in that sense. with that level of realization where you are making that gap explicit.  And I think that's a nice point because, Aseem, in our workshops, we can't make it explicit.

1:06:55 - Shiv Subramaniam
  Exactly. Because the moment you make it explicit, there will be a backup sender, there will be a pushback.

1:07:00 - Ashutosh Tiwari (cosmostrategy)
  Because you are now suddenly sitting in judgment. We allow that gap to remain salient but implied. What is wrong with your system is what we never get into, right?  In fact, we have taken the contrarian point of view. That our approach can fit into any process and any system that you have.  But process and system are different from tools and techniques. Right? If you are not using a tool, you are not using a tool.  At the end of the day, there cannot be any soft peddling that. But we can't do it in a workshop.  We allow it to remain salient, allow the people to be restless and allow them to connect with us during breaks.  Citing that discrepancy or that disconnect. But never make it salient because that's too dangerous in a workshop. But here it's a personal one-on-one session.  And if it is personalized and individualized, that what is it that you might want to change or start or stop or continue, whatever, that could be a nice point to end.

1:07:57 - Aseem Chhiber
  Yeah. Yep. So Balaji, this gives you the sense of the baseline.

1:08:03 - Ashutosh Tiwari (cosmostrategy)
  Now I can go to the next level, then the next level, depending upon your time. I have time for another 20 minutes.

1:08:10 - Balaji Rajan
  I have to drop because another call, I've just told them to wait for 15 minutes. What I'm going to do is, I have the meeting minutes, right?  I'm going to do an iteration and come back to you on what I understood from it, right? So I'll make it small.  I'm going to set up another one hour call. When is the right time to send the call? Well, so two things.

1:08:32 - Ashutosh Tiwari (cosmostrategy)
  My two things is the fact that you please don't come back to us to ratify or to, you know, agree or disagree with any summary that you have done very honestly, because typically that process doesn't lead anywhere because we have given you in great depth and all.  then re-litigating, I think we don't want to do that because we trust you and we trust your judgment on it.

1:08:58 - Balaji Rajan
  I think as a consequence.

1:09:00 - Ashutosh Tiwari (cosmostrategy)
  Of the brief, we would only discuss the output rather than keep discussing the brief in that sense. Is there any clarification that you have?  Before I build, I just want you guys to see, you know, this is what you had.

1:09:14 - Shiv Subramaniam
  Once I start the build, then it will be very costly for me to unbuild it.

1:09:19 - Ashutosh Tiwari (cosmostrategy)
  Okay, fair enough. So whichever way makes you comfortable, that's perfectly fine.

1:09:24 - Balaji Rajan
  one important thing, you know, I heard two things. It is one-on-one and also it is like, you know, used in a workshop where, you we break out into groups.  So that we do it offline.

1:09:35 - Ashutosh Tiwari (cosmostrategy)
  No, we don't want. This is purely one-on-one. This is purely one-on-one.

1:09:40 - Balaji Rajan
  Okay.

1:09:41 - Aseem Chhiber
  This is purely one-on-one.

1:09:42 - Shiv Subramaniam
  Just a point, Balaji, before you log off, is that I also wanted to say we must also look at whether it can be an effective tool during workshops also.  That's it. Can we? It can be.

1:09:52 - Balaji Rajan
  Because I have built something for my business company.

1:09:55 - Shiv Subramaniam
  I have, but, you know, I'll keep it as an option.

1:09:58 - Balaji Rajan
  I think we should discuss that.

1:10:01 - Ashutosh Tiwari (cosmostrategy)
  Yeah, we can have a discussion around that because that has a very different dynamics. Technically, it might be very feasible, but the respect that Aseem and I would get or an Aseem would get in conducting a workshop without access to a tool versus the respect that you get when you have access to a tool, etc.  I think there are different dimensions that we need to think through on that. They have nothing to do with the product side.  They have to do more with the way you administer and stuff like that.

1:10:30 - Balaji Rajan
  So I will take care. When do we have the next call?

1:10:36 - Shiv Subramaniam
  I'm okay Wednesday or Thursday.

1:10:38 - Balaji Rajan
  I'm okay Wednesday or Friday. Thursday, I go to office. Actually, Monday also, I go to office.

1:10:43 - Shiv Subramaniam
  It's been raining, so I didn't go today.

1:10:46 - Balaji Rajan
  So Wednesday or Friday? Wednesday works.

1:10:51 - Aseem Chhiber
  Same time?

1:10:51 - Balaji Rajan
  works better, yeah. Okay, I'll send out an invite for Wednesday. Before that, I'll come with something.

1:11:00 - Ashutosh Tiwari (cosmostrategy)
  Same time as what we are saying, 11am?

1:11:02 - Shiv Subramaniam
  Same time, 11am.

1:11:03 - Balaji Rajan
  Okay, cool.

1:11:04 - Ashutosh Tiwari (cosmostrategy)
  You'll send an invite, Thanks, Balaji.

1:11:07 - Shiv Subramaniam
  Bye-bye. I'll see you at 12.30. See you.

1:11:11 - Balaji Rajan
  Bye. Bye.